Prevent deadlocks due to multiple parallel indexing tasks (#12221)
apache/druid: docs/configuration/index.md

|--------|-----------|-------|
|`druid.indexer.runner.taskAssignmentTimeout`|How long to wait after a task as been assigned to a MiddleManager before throwing an error.|PT5M|
|`druid.indexer.runner.minWorkerVersion`|The minimum MiddleManager version to send tasks to. |"0"|

> | `druid.indexer.runner.parallelIndexTaskSlotRatio`| The ratio of slots available for parallel batch indexing task for each worker.<br/> A value less than 1 when workers are configured to have at least 2 slots can prevent deadlocks.|1|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `druid.indexer.runner.parallelIndexTaskSlotRatio`| The ratio of task slots available for parallel indexing supervisor tasks per worker. The specified value must be in the range [0, 1].|1|
```
